update: updating native ui tutorial with intellij idea (#384)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/multiplatform-onboard/multiplatform-upgrade-app.md

    }
    ```

> 3. Re-run the **iosApp** configuration to make sure your app's logic is synced:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Rerun the **iosApp** configuration to make sure your app's logic is synced:
```
